README.md, before:

# 💫 TL;DR:
👋 Hi, I’m @Aditya74747  
<br>👀 I’m interested in Data Science, Machine Learning, and AI-driven solutions  
<br>🌱 I’m currently learning Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Data Analytics  
<br>💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on projects related to Machine Learning, Data Science, and AI  
<br>📊 I enjoy building data models, ML pipelines, and turning complex data into actionable insights  
<br>📫 Reach me at: apghatage@gmail.com


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/aditya_747_) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditya-ghatage-136086221/) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@apghatage) 


## 💻 Tech Stack

### 🧠 Programming Languages & Markup
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JSON](https://img.shields.io/badge/JSON-000000?style=flat&logo=json&logoColor=white)
![XML](https://img.shields.io/badge/XML-FF6600?style=flat&logo=xml&logoColor=white)
![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/YAML-CB171E?style=flat&logo=yaml&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/LaTeX-008080?style=flat&logo=latex&logoColor=white)



### 📚 Libraries & Frameworks
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=flat&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)
![BeautifulSoup](https://img.shields.io/badge/BeautifulSoup-4EAA25?style=flat)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![LangChain](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C1C1C?style=flat)
![NLTK](https://img.shields.io/badge/NLTK-154F3C?style=flat)
![spaCy](https://img.shields.io/badge/spaCy-09A3D5?style=flat)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-0C55A5?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000?style=flat&logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-white?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=black)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-white?style=flat&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-d9ead3?style=flat)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST-02569B?style=flat)


### 🗄️ Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=flat&logo=oracle&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)



### ☁️ Cloud & DevOps
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=flat&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0072C6?style=flat&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0167FF?style=flat&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)



### 🛠️ Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05033?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-121011?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-181717?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab%20CI-181717?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2671E5?style=flat&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
![Databricks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Databricks-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=databricks&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=flat&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat)
![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat)
![ChatGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-00A67E?style=flat)
![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-20BEFF?style=flat&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000?style=flat&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=flat&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-00C4CC?style=flat&logo=canva&logoColor=white)
![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenGL-white?style=flat&logo=opengl)
![NVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900?style=flat&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

Enhance README with About Me section
Added a section about personal background and expertise in Data Science and AI.

README.md, after:

# 💫 TL;DR:
👋 Hi, I’m @Aditya74747  
<br>👀 I’m interested in Data Science, Machine Learning, and AI-driven solutions  
<br>🌱 I’m currently learning Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Data Analytics  
<br>💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on projects related to Machine Learning, Data Science, and AI  
<br>📊 I enjoy building data models, ML pipelines, and turning complex data into actionable insights  
<br>📫 Reach me at: apghatage@gmail.com

#  About Me:
Results-driven and business-focused Data Analyst with a solid foundation in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science. Skilled in Data
Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning and AI. Leveraging technical expertise and leadership skills in
leading projects and fostering collaborative environments for data driven decision making. Combining strong technical acumen with
business domain to align data strategy with organizational goals.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/aditya_747_) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditya-ghatage-136086221/) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@apghatage) 


## 💻 Tech Stack

### 🧠 Programming Languages & Markup
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JSON](https://img.shields.io/badge/JSON-000000?style=flat&logo=json&logoColor=white)
![XML](https://img.shields.io/badge/XML-FF6600?style=flat&logo=xml&logoColor=white)
![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/YAML-CB171E?style=flat&logo=yaml&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/LaTeX-008080?style=flat&logo=latex&logoColor=white)



### 📚 Libraries & Frameworks
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=flat&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)
![BeautifulSoup](https://img.shields.io/badge/BeautifulSoup-4EAA25?style=flat)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![LangChain](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C1C1C?style=flat)
![NLTK](https://img.shields.io/badge/NLTK-154F3C?style=flat)
![spaCy](https://img.shields.io/badge/spaCy-09A3D5?style=flat)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-0C55A5?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000?style=flat&logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-white?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=black)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-white?style=flat&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-d9ead3?style=flat)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST-02569B?style=flat)


### 🗄️ Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=flat&logo=oracle&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)



### ☁️ Cloud & DevOps
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=flat&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0072C6?style=flat&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0167FF?style=flat&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)



### 🛠️ Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05033?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-121011?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-181717?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab%20CI-181717?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2671E5?style=flat&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
![Databricks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Databricks-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=databricks&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=flat&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat)
![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat)
![ChatGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-00A67E?style=flat)
![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-20BEFF?style=flat&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000?style=flat&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=flat&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-00C4CC?style=flat&logo=canva&logoColor=white)
![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenGL-white?style=flat&logo=opengl)
![NVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-76B900?style=flat&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white)
